For this project I decided to create objects that would commonly be on a coffee table. I originally was going to create a coffee mug, plate, spoon and a newspaper. However, I felt that the newspaper was too boring. I instead created a candle. These objects provide a variety of complexity to display the use of different shapes and transformations. After creating the objects I applied either a texture or color to them with various different materials to improve realism. The addition of scene lights helped light up the scene while also providing some realism
The coffee mug was created using a cylinder for its main body and a torus for the candle. A separated cylinder was used to simulate the coffee mug being filled with coffee. The plate is a simple shape as I only used a tapered cylinder to create some depth to the plate. The spoon consists of a cylinder for the handle and a tapered cylinder for the end of the spoon. Finally the candle was built using a cylinder for the body and a small cylinder for the wick. I did try to add a flame to the candle but I felt it removed some simplicity from the scene and did not fit well. I included a white light and a blue light to light up the scene and add some color
The camera allows users to freely explore the 3D scene by using keyboard and mouse inputs. The keyboard controls allow movement in all directions, the W and S keys move the camera forward and backward. While the A and D move left to right. Using the Q and E keys allow for movement up and down. The O key goes into an orthographic view and the P key switches back to perspective view. The mouse controls the camera allowing the user to look around with mouse movements. The scroll wheel can also be used to adjust the movement speed of the camera. The movement speed of the camera is very convenient especially when moving items or scaling them as small adjustments are needed
The modular structure of the program's design keeps the code readable and easy to adjust. There are several functions that achieve this, however I believe that the SetTranformations function is the best example. This function standardizes the process of applying transformations to objects. To give an example, each object has a block of code that sets its size, rotation, and position. This is then passed into SetTransformations. So to change the size or position of an object you just need to modify values instead of rewriting code. This block of code is also reusable for the rest of the objects allowing for easy creation and adjustment of objects. 
Another useful function is the SetShaderMaterial, this allows me to apply predefined materials for different objects. Instead of rewriting material properties I created different materials that the function can retrieve with a tag. SetShaderTexture is similar as it calls onto a texture with its respective tag and applies it to objects. Structuring the program with modular functions made my code more modular and organized by allowing for easy adjustments, the reuse of code, and made it easy to scale and expand. 
